Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now we are currently locked in, but we are still in the login page.
So now what you can do?
You can create a new page.
So when the user clicks on log in is as we are going to take the user to the new page.
Okay.
Now to do this, first of all, I'm just going to close this.
Then I will go to five.
Okay.
To leave.
Right.
Then in the views of.
And you fly over the screens.
I will create a new fly.
And to call this fly home or this screen.
The Dutch.
Okay.
Now, now, can you just use this stateless widget as well?
I'm going to call this screen.
Right.
Then over here, I want to highlight the number of these control and dots.
And that's a part of the material that that package.
Okay.
Those are the fruits on a container.
We can return this car forward so we have access to lots of property.
So this is going to be the body.
We can't just sit center for now.
It's going to be charged and it's going to be a test widget.
We can just.
Logged.
Okay.
Great.
So in order to navigate to this page, I would just have to do is to go to how?
Hot controller.
Okay, now I'm going to use Control B to make this wider.
Now, apart from printing the logged in already as well, if this fields are not empty or you distort
issue.
What we also want to do want to go to that pacer to do that.
Hold this up.
To do as we tend to do.
Right.
You're going to get that.
Of all.
Now you can see this fix your page.
So we are going to pass the old.
Screen.
Right.
Okay.
The semicolon.
Now over.
Going to you.
The this.
Okay.
Great.
So what you can do.
We can.
So test.
It should be.
Okay.
The also.
Not to me, it's.
Okay the the image is badly of okay he said is badly formatted.
So I think this is test is at G.M. It's calm.
It's okay they're a little click on log in.
Okay.
You said the password is not correct.
Guess we have cool validation as well.
Okay.
Great, great.
Now you can see we are in the home screen.